hey everybody welcome external
amplifying about to get her plus we lost
our last run
very embarrassing was it as Isaac no it
was as apollyon is that yes is right
okay well let's play as a character that
we've already done boss rush but don't
have to have not done Scholl and Judas
fits the bill
what's my methodology they're beating
Scholl QV FC 800 X wow that sounds like
it's like a biological waste processing
machine the QB MC 800 X turns corpses
into okay's I don't know if you put
corpses in a biological waste you know
purifying machine I think you're just
you're supposed to put like bloody
bandages and stuff this isn't growth
this is science okay you know what do
you think our hospital Billy I don't
even know if this is true what do you
think a hospital does with bandages that
have like you know human DNA in
potential you know infectious materials
on them they got a they got a purifier
I'm pretty sure you throw it in like a
big old steamer or boiler or something
like that then you throw it in the trash
otherwise it's probably like mad illegal
I don't know I'm just taking a guess
there that's my assumption that's you
know what they say when you make an
assumption you make an asset option I'm
not going to risk this at least not yet
oh if we see this in - Drock I don't
recall I'm going to place a bomb I
thought I placed it too far away and
became a little annoyed with myself but
I didn't we literally broke even spent a
bomb in the key to get a bomb in a key
but resource-wise we're doing pretty
well right now or resource wise if you
will look we have to stop fighting each
other in the english language okay
we got to fight out we've been the
lingua franca as hilarious as that
sounds for many many years but now we're
killing ourselves with this constant in
language bickering how are we supposed
to fend off competition from upstart
languages like Klingon and JavaScript if
we're too busy bickering amongst
ourselves some troubling rhetoric um
okay he'll this guy fudge C sharp Mary
JavaScript let's grab this head
downstairs we didn't get any spirit
hearts I will say I think the start of
games has gotten a little bit more
difficult because it's not as well I'm
not as open to the idea of blowing up
our donation machine obviously you need
resources for it to begin with but I'm
not as open to the idea of blowing up
our donation machine to get a spirit out
on the first floor because we need to
get all the shop upgrades before that
really feels like it's a smart idea
otherwise we know take it two steps
forward one step back I went for a long
walk this morning I'm going to tell you
two steps forward one step back not a
very efficient walking algorithm it's
like the bubble sort of walking this has
become an insufferable video already
there's an anecdote I'm listening to
this audio book it's called algorithms
to live by it sounds nerdier than it is
I promise you that although basically it
takes a computer science approach to
many tasks that we have in our modern
day life and attempts to show you the
most efficient or effective ways to
organize those past it gets a little too
precious for me sometimes where it's
like you know here's the optimal way to
organize you know hey here's how you
should fold your laundry and I'm like
look I don't want this to be a self-help
book it's a general interest sort of
thing I don't think I don't want to my
wife is going to come in I'm going to
have an Excel spreadsheet open she's
maybe hey what do you do what I'm like
don't worry I'm sorting my laundry in
the most efficient way plausible but
apparently in 2007
Barack Obama as a senator visited
Google's headquarters and had an
interview that I can only assume is
scripted with the Google brass in which
they asked him what's the most efficient
way to sort a list of 32-bit integers
and he laughed and said I don't know but
I've got a feeling the bubble sort is
the wrong answer and then the audience
erupted in the uproarious applause and I
find this anecdote hilarious because I
can I'm not suggesting that Barack Obama
is a stupid individual by any stretch of
the imagination you know he's the
Statesman politician dignified
regardless of your political beliefs you
know he handled himself with the quorum
and always struck me as being very
erudite however I know how this dude
knows what a bubble sort is he was born
in like 1961 that doesn't mean you know
there are many computer science born
1961 and you don't have to be a computer
scientist to know what a bubble sort is
it just strikes me is the sort of thing
that like a lawyer turned politician
doesn't necessarily have any incentive
to know oh my god that's the first time
we've ever gotten basement boy and if
it's scripted that's hilarious although
I guess not all together unexpected so
this is I'm just having fun with these
runs basically no pets coming through in
the hope that's coming through in the
dialogue here but I think that contract
from below is a better item for
accomplishing a win then careful then
black powder but with 1.60 speed early
on on this run why not give black powder
a chance to disappoint me right try
using that as your pickup line by the
way we probably wouldn't be the first
time that a politician has you know
misrepresented themselves to get votes I
suppose for other examples of that see
every politician in Earth's history
anyway let's move along here
he is right though a bubble store would
be the wrong and that would get you
laughed out of the Google interview I
can only assume because it's something
that I would say and I think that's the
approach that I would be expecting as
well excuse me sir we're going to new
hits earth do you have a permission to
be here sir we don't allow snapback
Canadian flag baseball hats on the
Google canvas bears out honestly
borderline racist as far as I'm
concerned let's move along here
I'm joking Google ok Google Play over
killed by men at work the runs going
great so far the odds of us having a
perfect run are I would say a hundred
percent of the present moment perfect
run just meaning we never get hit so far
so good in that department big horns
always a little bit of a test I think
we've already gotten no I'm trying to
think we've gotten mama's boy now we've
gotten basement boy and I think we've
gotten dark boy no we gotten spelunker
bully but not maybe we've done to all
the boys I'm not sure I mean we are an
okay Isaac player these are achievements
that the first time through we're like a
little difficult now we're doing the max
dentally which i think is a great sign
that you know we've continued to improve
a little bit over our rebirth lifespan
despite the fact that results don't
always necessarily indicate that either
way oh free spirit hard
we'll continue moving right along here
just get in here what's up thank you
okay
oh you know what this is actually a
wonderful situation for us to be in the
begin with because we also have so much
money to donate to our shops and the
Golden Key is one thing but I don't
think we're gonna get to two hundred and
fifty cents on this run by the play some
smart money I wouldn't place it on that
I would instead invest in blaze Pizza
America's fastest ever growing chain of
food service establishments funded
largely in part by NBA superstar LeBron
James well we got to donate about
negative ten cents to a spades is nice
and the boomerang is terrible all right
let's move along my number one priority
is is donating money again I think I'm
going to not go to the curse room
because we haven't taken damage so far
so it might be unnecessarily kind of
precious but I think that we should stay
away from deliberately taking damage not
for survival because we could you know
get to birthstone at once your knock out
those achievements that I may or may not
have gotten that have completely
forgotten about will do a more you know
rigorous kind of analysis of our
achievements once we get within striking
distance of real platinum god which we
are not even close to at the present
moment but for now maybe just you know
make smart decisions if there's one
thing oh that's pretty good if there's
one thing I'm jealous of Americans for
is that the proper way to structure that
sentence and I think there are many
things to be jealous of Americans for
but if there's one thing in particular
it's the precedence of many many
fast-casual dining chains and I'm it
sounds like the way I've structured that
sentence is I've typical NL
facetiousness it's not the case I'm not
joking not at all in fact I've never
joked in my entire life but up here in
Canada we're still I mean we have our
own stuff going on up here of course
we've got you know the standard
McDonald's Burger King Lindy
etc we also have our own Canadian stuff
like there's a chain called Harvey's
they do some weird stuff so that
sometimes they it's a burger joint but
they started serving like rice bowls
except you can replace the rice with
french fries it is like sometimes I'm
like who's running this joint like an 8
year old it's a little weird but you
know RVs they got some good things going
for them they like they'll dress your
burgers the same way that they will
dress your sandwich at Subway you know
you go through like a deli counter and
you go okay give me extra peppers and
pickles bla bla bla nobody else is doing
that
that I know of and of course we've got
five guys you don't have internet but
we've got some in and out like knockoffs
like there's a place in Vancouver called
Cali burger it's a really we all check
nothing wrong with that
it's the burgers are delicious and I
gotta say for only $18 for a
cheeseburger is a pretty smokin feel
they are delicious though
I'll give you that I'm making a joke
that $18 is too expensive for a
cheeseburger but you know you make that
decision when you look at the menu or
when you've locked in and decided fine
I'm already here I can't just walk out
that'd be awkward okay I'm done with
this room
but we're still living in like a like a
Chipotle era but I do want to point out
as well some of our Canadian chains are
supposedly a lot better than the
American counterparts I don't know about
vice-versa like there there's probably
some that flip the script there as well
but our a and ws are like relatively
high - your fast food and I just what
I'd tell Americans like oh yeah a and W
is expanding like crazy here they're
like really they've been out of business
here since like 1962 but anyway you know
what looks let's go for broke there
I have I've even had a chick-fil-a once
in my entire life that never expanded up
here I understand there's some personal
concerns with the executive management
of chick-fil-a but chicken sandwiches
are delicious
I'm not saying that absolves them of
that but I am saying that it absolves
them a little bit because they sell
chicken sandwiches I guess is right if
the sandwiches suck I would be I would
find a way more easier way more easy to
stick to my principles I guess is what
I'm trying to say and again I've never
told a joke I'm not being facetious at
all but beyond this I've never eaten
that a long john silver's as I
understand it Long John Silver's not
really that good I've never talked to an
American who's like oh yeah I love Long
John Silver's but I just there's like no
fast-food seafood in Canada there used
to be a couple of places place called
Arthur Treacher's I'm pretty sure it's
out of business the place called Salamah
Gundy pretty sure it's out of business
you know these these are around when I
was like five no achievements but I mean
I'm feeling pretty good about my
performances so far I don't believe that
we've taken damage here and let's
squander that again we might have
already gotten this achievement in the
first place but anyway I love seafood
I'm not going to go on another tangent
about how like you know I think that
yeah I knew it I'm not going to go on
another tangent about how like I find it
weird that people don't like fish
because it tastes too fishy that's
another I will eat almost any kind of
seafood you know give me a abalone clam
oyster mussel I like the whole thing I
don't care I would eat oysters way more
often if they weren't expensively you'll
ever go to a place that has oysters it's
always like you know three dollars a no
oyster I'm not paying eighteen dollars
for six Oscars I could get a
cheeseburger at Kali burger for that
see it was like a little tie back or tie
in there call back that's what we call
it in the industry nothing we got bombs
we can check could be big but yeah it
like I something you can get a
filet-o-fish sandwich but it's not the
same I don't want to fillet a fish
sandwich
I want like fish and chips I want clam
strips I want chicken and wild liver
meow mix me a mix please deliver I've
never eaten add a jack-in-the-box I've
never read not to talk about we have
them but that's a different story I've
never eaten at a Carl's jr. although
when I went to Japan when I went to
Tokyo they had a Carl's jr. that had
recently opened up in Akihabara and they
had people in Carl's jr. garb outside of
it like flippin signs and like enticing
Japanese businessmen to go to the Carl's
jr. and I know what you're thinking what
a stupid idea that would never work it
was working gangbusters that there was
like a 35 minute lineup to get into the
Carl's jr. and when we walked by like
made eye contact with me didn't mention
anything didn't didn't speak a word of
Japanese they were just like this guy
knows we're running nothing this guy
knows and thought were the 35 minute
wait to get into the Carl's jr. so we're
just gonna like you know let bygones be
bygones he's not gonna you know try to
spoil our hustle and we're not going to
give him the disrespect to trying to
keep it I'm sure I don't know if Carl's
jr. is that bad by the way I'm mining it
as a little bit of a joke I'll admit
that was pretty dumb and let's go but
yeah like I'm jealous but I think that I
would become accustomed to it too fast
cuz already like I don't appreciate
variety and fast food to begin with if
I'm at a place that has like a Wendy's
of Burger King a KFC and a McDonald's
I'm going to the Wendy's every time it's
not like I'm going last time I had
Wendy's was three months ago so I'm
going to go to the can
this time some well let's go off on a
tangent that make sense here that is
truthful I guess I should say I almost
never have changes in my food preference
and I I'm not trying to say that I'm
like you know Dae because I think a lot
of people is the standard rule if you
have to say does anybody else the answer
is always probably however I think that
there are must be dozens of us out there
because personally what makes you larger
well they all make you larger if you you
know everything in moderation right but
personally like I know some people were
like I just can't eat another chicken
breast I don't understand that well I
mean I guess I understand it I'm gonna
go for the guppy dream I understand it
but I don't I don't feel it deep in my
core if I enjoy a meal I'll enjoy it
tomorrow I'll enjoy it you know for a
week straight I got no problem with it
we're in actually a dangerous spot here
now you are an actual idiot okay I'm I
have to own up to this first off I do
want to say f you to the game just for a
second because I took no damage for the
first like four floors and then didn't
get enough HP to help me survive here
but I digress I shouldn't have walked
into the champion trying to avoid an
enemy that only would have hit me for
half damage but you know let's let's go
give me a negative two streak at the
area
I actually I know you wouldn't do it uh
everybody gets one I suppose we'll mess
that up something fierce and then get
another run on camera here but I could
eat the same food
as long as I enjoy it forever I think
without any psychological you know I
thought it was empty and I was going to
lose my freakin mind
without any kind of psychological impact
on a negative standpoint another kind of
guy who can eat Soylent or drink Soylent
all day every day
I do enjoy not that Soylent necessarily
tastes bad but I do enjoy the process of
masticating and eating food that tastes
particularly delicious but if it has no
negative health benefits I could eat
like a windy spicy chicken sandwich
every single day and be completely fine
with it so I don't really understand why
I'm so eager to seek out variety because
lord knows if there was a Long John
Silver's in my you know town I probably
would have even there once and then been
like never again but it's just the fact
that I can't okay all these American
chains are so downright offensive to
Canadians not opening branches up here
because the market research doesn't
support it yeah whatever
something-something sees the means of
production get the guillotines out I
want my fried fish sandwiches okay now I
am a little bit embarrassed that we lost
the last run despite playing well it was
just weird we played really badly on
that one floor and took like three hits
and that was enough to erase all of our
like nearly orders of magnitude better
than normal play up to that point this
runs you know shaping up nicely got
we're going to have a tinted rock which
I hope it's not small rock because our
speed we we have small rock on Lots I
think we do now but I don't think we've
ever seen it yet sorry thank you we have
lump of coal right off the bed which is
just a nice damage augmenter if not an
outright damage improvement in its own
right we could use I mean I'm going to
ask pretend out of 10 items because we
had a loss 17 minutes into the episode
it wouldn't be the worst thing in the
world that we could really just kick the
crap out of the game over the rest of it
but probably when you have ten point
seven seven damage you should stop using
your orbital reveal damage because it
makes you look like a tool okay uh you
grab this first and then this actually
gives you HP and now you can fly and
your rate of fire is a lot better and
everything is looking like it's coming
up roses here I think at least
everything's coming up roses here's an
etiquette question for you when is it
okay well I want to preface this by a
topic header I want to talk about
restaurant closing times because I think
I'm encountering a paradox in closing
times first I mean one last call for
alcohol Sophia Nisha with ski or beers
if a restaurant closing time is 9 p.m.
what's the latest conceivable time that
you can go into that restaurant this at
8:59 I think we would all agree this
it's certainly not 901 we would all
agree on that can you step into a
restaurant that closes at 9:00 at 8:59
and expect to be served
I would also accept that I would expect
the answer from the majority of people
is no because we all have kind of an
understanding that the time that a
restaurant closes is not necessarily the
time that it's actually active like a
restaurant stops being active like
fifteen minutes before it closes I guess
this is what I'm trying to ask 30
minutes before it closes
what do you think I say this because
Kate and I had some ramen join me really
like in the West End of Vancouver called
Don beau delicious
there's locations I think in the US as
well and in Japan if you ever find
yourself with the opportunity to go
check it out I would recommend it
fantastic there's a few locations in
Vancouver as well but anyway I digress
they close at 11:00 we know this because
we go there to often leave our apartment
at about 10 tons of time then we run
into traffic you know there's people we
live on a street that gets kind of like
it gets blocked basically because people
like just sit on it and put on their
four-way flashers and then you know
there's cars parked on both sides and
then cars just blocking a lane and
you're like okay I'll just wait for you
to come back to your car or for there to
be like so much of a gap in traffic that
I can fit through that took us like an
extra five minutes and then you know is
that apparently parts of downtown
Vancouver are basically quarantined
because of drunk idiots so it's okay we
got a detour around that we ended up
showing up like 15 minutes before closed
which case cooled that makes me a little
uncomfortable and they served us but
they were and it was a perfect situation
actually they served us they were like
to see no it's last call so whatever you
order should be everything that you want
to order you can't add anything to your
meal because we got to get out everybody
and then you know as soon as they
brought the food they also brought like
the credit card reader and we're like
it'd be sweet if you could pay now and
then you could take your time eating
like this is perfect but a lot of
restaurants don't do that like sometimes
we'll walk into a place that says it
closes that you know 11:00 it's 10:40
and then we go to walk in and you know
somebody just Complexo comes up to us
and goes oh sorry it's closed you can
close whatever you want I'm not you know
saying that you over a we can donate now
I'm not saying that you shouldn't be
able to close your restaurant whenever
you want but if you're not going to take
people in starting that
you know 10:45 or whenever maybe your
closing time should be 10:45 but then if
you made your closing time 10:45 you
have to stop taking people in at 10:30
and eventually your closing before you
even open you see what I this is where
I'm getting that this is the meat of the
discussion for me is oh my god
I'm sorry I'm on such autopilot right
now and I apologize it's like the eighth
time in a row we've taken Bob's brain
despite is mostly hurting us but I still
like it when is it okay I mean I've
previously we don't want to take this
many one makes you larger pills but I'm
gonna previously I think I was like I
was like a 20 minutes before closing
sort of Roy let's go so if a restaurant
closes at 9:00 if I'm showing up after
8:40 I at least have a back-up plan in
mind I cannot see what's happening but I
don't know I'm interested to know what
people think about it seems like the
kind of thing that people would hold
that didn't actually take any money out
of it it seems like the sort of thing
that people would be indignant about all
I would like is if every restaurant did
it the same way that that ramen
restaurant does it where it was like hey
you know this is when we'll stop serving
you and this is when we want to close
the doors and get out of here because
right now it's just like you got a guess
like you wouldn't go to a fancy like you
know I'm going to get a four-course meal
15 minutes before closing time but you
know if you're if you're McDonald's
closes in five minutes you might still
consider that okay to walk in that's
every restaurant should have a last call
for food and enterings and then a time
when the doors are shut
not that we're not accepting anybody but
like we're doing to be out of here by
this time and we can we're well within
our rights to ask you to leave if you
get like too far beyond this time as
within the bounds of reason I'm just
throwing it out there is it possible
you know a more apt approach to running
a restaurant business there's another
many people out there I don't understand
it mostly I like to eat the concept of
owning my own restaurant is just
terrifying to me I would never want to
do it if that's your dream absolutely
more power to you and I don't mean this
to be insulting at all I would never do
it but I hope that you're if you're
considering doing it you're also
watching this episode because I'm going
to give you some tips that I think are
very important yeah you're going to need
to have depending on the restaurant
going to need to have waiters or
waitresses right people to bring the
food out take orders every restaurant
should do the Korean thing where they
have a button that you press that goes
beep boop and when you press that it
sends it puts like your table number up
on a screen so the server's are like
okay this person wants something right
now I know you're going to say an L
can't you just like say excuse me but
there's a whole like waiting game that
comes about you're like oh can can you
give me some water and then someone
walks by why didn't you give me the
water oh you know that's not our service
I don't think this is that our server I
don't remember exactly what our server
looks like Oh our server went on break
now we got you know Antonio's going to
be our server but you know he's busy
with this other table over here that's
ordering a cheeseburger it was like nine
different replacements that they want on
it so it's going to take us a while the
beep-boop is the ideal setup the other
way that you do it is not it's not a
drill people in South Korea if they
don't have the beep boop button that you
press that summons someone to your table
you straight up just Yelp shogi oh you
yell it in this in the middle of not a
restaurant really but in the middle of
your establishment and then someone is
summoned to your table so it's like
every group of friends has a dedicated
Chokey oh you know Town Crier whose job
it is to summon someone to the table you
know you get a little especially in a
foreign country you get a little
diminutive you're like I don't really
want to
you know what if they make fun of the
way that I say Tokyo and then somebody
else is just like drug it out so I like
going out to eat Korean food this case
mom because she has no chogi Oh shame
she will just I mean yes I understand is
it Dave Chappelle quote it fits but she
will does Wayne Brady at the chair you
know but she will she will chill go with
the best then I'll juggle for food I'll
choke you go for drinks
she'll chögyal for like extra kimchi
and that's why she's an essential part
of the dining experience
I won't chug yell for kimchi it just
makes me feel too self-conscious to ask
for more of a free thing like someone is
servant to your table to give you free
stuff
I mean you are paying I guess for the
meal built it's a built-in cost I'm just
saying I have like inexplicably and
unredeemable screwed this run obviously
a home in obviously we had that first
death to begin with but like then also
beyond that I I can't control this
character anymore and our stats are good
but I don't think they're good enough
for me to be in this ridiculous of a
state I also want to point out our deal
with the devil chance is just stupid
thirty eight point one three percent
chance how in the world have we created
that that's like extra evil via the pact
or something like that
but then we got a deal with the devil
but we've also blown up a donation
mission like on it I have no idea what
we've done to create this this hellscape
of my own image but it is going
relatively quickly and I don't want to
blink
you know don't don't compliment me too
hard I'm not posting you know 17 minute
Judas loss the only reason I saved it is
because I thought the commentary through
the start was pretty good sometimes I do
have episodes like that maybe like once
a month I'll just completely mess up an
Isaac run and just be like I'm not
posting the commentary is not good
enough and the play is horrible you only
need to get 50% you know what if you got
you know 0% quality commentary if you're
at least doing pretty okay in the game
that's fine but
dude we actually might and this would
redeem completely my earlier mistakes
and also making myself enormous here we
might be able to get level 4 bandage
girl which would be that was one of the
last rebirth achievements I got for sure
we already have level 3 will go contract
from below but nothing else actually we
have done boss rushes Judas so we don't
have to do boss rush since you just have
good use of a key which I think means
I'm going to just teleport right now and
I'm going to donate sure you getting
those are good items to buy don't get me
wrong but we had a long uphill battle
here in terms of donations so I do not
mind donating more contrite from below
is nice but we are looking to up our
damage actually like an in tears quite a
lot if possible because more or less
this run is just like weird and I would
like to have it be as easy to win as
possible if we could create that
situation or a situation that fits that
bill I would be a very happy cancer Oh
why'd you do it well you know what we
get the gummy chance anyway let's forget
to experience charge bars charging buys
as I days end our names
I also like when I moved to Vancouver on
the subject of restaurants I was like
dude some of the restaurants doesn't
have a reputation for the city wise got
a reputation for restaurants closing
early but anyway some of the restaurants
are open 24 hours that's like blowing my
mind coming from the town that I grew up
in even like I'm McDonald's or a Tim
Hortons being over 24 hours is crazy
talk right then you know I went to a
McDonald's at like 3 a.m. and was like I
never want to see that again
ok just did it but you get a lot of you
get a very cosmopolitan crowd at a 3
a.m. McDonald's you get the guy you know
waking up for his night shift to the
hospital you get a lot of people you
know just in from the bars or you know
an after-hours party or something like
that
and then you get people for whom like 3
a.m. it's you know that's that's the
middle of the day for them and that's
the scariest card of all you know the
nocturnal sort of vampire crowd with no
substances in their systems just
willfully at the McDonald's at 3:00 a.m.
like if I'm at the McDonald's at 3:00
a.m. something has gone wrong like we
were on a road trip then we got stuck in
traffic for like 7 hours or something
like that or you know we stated we were
a little come on for one drink we stayed
out all night that's you know I'm the 28
year old man it doesn't happen to me all
that often anymore something's gone
terribly wrong the people who plan to be
in the McDonald's at 3:00 a.m. are the
ones that really make me feel out of my
element you know you're and you're
entitled to live your life however you
choose to but I'm like this isn't this
isn't my scene I'm better off at all
more I've got a 40 point 6 3 percent
chance of getting a deal with the devil
on any given floor for some reason how
is it possible that we have high speed
and yet I am so slow like I am actually
not quite a double our earlier speed
since taking that speed down but like
not super far away from it and yet
I guess maybe you carry like a slowing
factor with the with one makes you
larger or is it just because we are
larger it makes me think that we're
going slower I don't know a couple of
different potential outcomes here the
next dream would be to have enough one
makes you smaller pills to return us to
normal size but I'm just going to be
honest I'll see that happening to be
100% honest with you I never should have
given up the I don't know the name of
the trinket but hairpin whatever it is
is that the Zap the one that charges
your spacebar item holding whenever you
walk into a boss fight because it's
really really good when you're rockin
Book of Revelations and don't
necessarily have you know infinite HP
which I think certainly fits the bill we
find ourselves in right now
good fight forty point six three percent
chances screwed me angry fly bomb bag
pupula duplex and notched axe they're
all pretty not good but we can at least
get a move on here remember we don't
have to do boss rush we could do the
hush fight remember if you do huh she
can't do Sheol and if you do Sheol you
can't do hush so we might just take the
easiest possible way out here as my
thinking that's my expectation of things
at least and this run is good I mean the
last run is good we should have won
easily on that last run just threw away
a little bit of HP it's not quite the
same situation as the time that I gave
up you know seven spirit arts to a blood
bank thinking you know I'm King Kong
ain't got nothing on me it's more like
you know we just find ourselves in a a
bad spot here a spot where we had no
insulation from failure I guess is what
I'm getting at
we made a couple of bad mistakes and
then okay I will take it but we made a
couple of mistakes and we didn't have
any like you know what's the word intent
like an emergency fund to protect us
keep using Book of Revelations you're
going to be fine
I don't know if I stomped on that enemy
or the orbital did damage or what but
this floor is all-important because we
will find out if we get our level 4
bandage girl level 4 bandage girl
couldn't care less more more or less
from a functional standpoint although it
is better than a level 3 bandage girl
but I'm more what more interested in
possibility of just getting that
achievement knocked out and it looks
like it's going to get knocked out so
you know I'm very excited about the fact
that we've actually managed to knock out
these achievements ASAP I had to farm
these for like weeks the first time I
came through this is actually just sort
of incredible I'm not going to take a
speed down pill I'll hold it I'm not
going to take it and I'm just going to
level with you the odds of me doing hush
of 0 not near 0 well you know what
they're infinitesimal if I accidentally
walk into the hush fight I'll do it
or if I get so strong that there's no
other you know sensible course of action
I'll do it but I don't want to fight
hush being this large cuz hush you know
it's better if you're a little wily you
know if you can reliably dodge between
these shots we're far too large to make
that conceivable dude okay I'll be
honest it was a little bit of a rush job
here but it's getting the job done
turns out this run is like a little
better than expected and yet still like
statistically a lot worse than the last
one in every category except HP you know
what I've been learning throughout these
new save file runs is that HP is
actually more precious than I was giving
a credit for at least on Judas runs yeah
so wait the cathedrals now open since
when since well did we do the cathedral
they had mine flooded sometimes that
aspect I think we did do the cathedral
or at least had the option to do the
cathedral on our last run that had to
hush because I'm remembering I think
that there was the that there was the
beam of light that could take us up
I might be mistaken but I think that
that is correct
either way probably beating Isaac is
going to give us the win here I don't
think we can see what we can have the
chest although we this run is capable of
beating the chest I would as you might
expect prefer not to okay because I want
to get this just the hideousness off the
screen here there your speed upgrade
1.48 speed has me feeling like default
speed normally does you know you're too
large when you walk into a room and the
only way you know that there's enemies
because the doors are closed it's
structured like a your mama joke but
it's actually a yo mama reality I
actually cover so much of the screen I
have no idea where enemies are on the
regulator which is an expression I say
all the time I'm always saying on the
regular just part of my vernacular fine
it really fits the northernlion
aesthetic
unlike the whole bubble sort tangent now
if you could please just let us go this
has got to be the right path and you'll
forgive me I hope for being a little
eager to get this run in the books first
off anytime I get a loss I'm eager to
follow it up with a win not necessarily
as quickly as possible but on the the
next closest run as possible secondly I
took like 11 1 makes you larger pills
and have compromised my ability to
essentially even play this game at a
certain level which I feel comfortable
so ah there is I'm a little eager to put
this one in the books get whatever
unlock you get on a note so I'm still
thinking like if unlock I mean the
pentagram I think is a default item what
else you online is Judas may be dark
Judas her Judas a shadow I should say
the mark I think the mark is available
by default as well the oh hi mark
see they said joke away from me by
making it a default item I know you're a
fan of Tommy Wiseau Edmund you betrayed
me yo you can sort of see the shots
through your own face even with one
makes you larger that's actually really
nice are we done you ever done if we've
seen this ending if we not know we
haven't I don't know man ok
to be continued
the guillotine disappeared in the
basement now that's not what I expected
but we did get one part of the polaroid
done for now thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed the episode if you did click
the like button helps out a great deal
of course subscribe you wanna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time
[Music]